Adds code of conduct (#59)
3scale-labs/authorino: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## Authorino Code of Conduct v1.0

> This document provides community guidelines for a safe, respectful, productive, and collaborative place for any person who is willing to contribute to the 3scale "Porta" Component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides community guidelines for a safe, respectful, productive, and collaborative place for any person who is willing to contribute to Authorino.
```

- Participants will be tolerant of opposing views.
- Participants must ensure that their language and actions are free of personal attacks and disparaging personal remarks.
- When interpreting the words and actions of others, participants should always assume good intentions.
- Behaviour which can be reasonably considered harassment will not be tolerated.

> This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [The Ruby Community Conduct Guideline](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/conduct/)

Reviewer: I know it shouldn't matter, but it still feels a bit weird that we have this line in a Golang project.

Author: You're 100% right: it doesn't matter.  :)
